docs: clarify description of uri/uriprefix (#16110)
apache/druid: docs/development/extensions-core/lookups-cached-global.md

|Property|Description|Required|Default|
|--------|-----------|--------|-------|
|`pollPeriod`|Period between polling for updates|No|0 (only once)|

> |`uri`|URI for the file of interest. Can be a file, HDFS, S3 or GCS path|Either `uri` or `uriPrefix` must be set|None|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`uri`|URI for the lookup file. Can be a file, HDFS, S3 or GCS path|Either `uri` or `uriPrefix` must be set|None|
```
File of interest? 😬
